docs: update continuous profiling docs (#12998)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/profiling/node-profiling.mdx

## Enabling Profiling

> Profiling supports two main modes - manual and trace lifecycle. The two modes are mutually exclusive, and cannot be used at the same time. In manual mode, the profiling data collection can be managed via calls to Sentry.profiler.startProfileSession and Sentry.profiler.stopProfileSession. In this mode, you are entirely in the in control of when the profiler runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiling supports two modes - `manual` and `trace`. The two modes are mutually exclusive, and cannot be used at the same time.

In `manual` mode, the profiling data collection can be managed via calls to `Sentry.profiler.startProfileSession` and `Sentry.profiler.stopProfileSession`. You are entirely in the in control of when the profiler runs.
```

> Profiling supports two manin modes - manual and trace lifecycle. The two modes are mutually exclusive, and cannot be used at the same time. In manual mode, the profiling data collection can be managed via calls to Sentry.profiler.startProfileSession and Sentry.profiler.stopProfileSession. In this mode, you are entirely in the in control of when the profiler runs.

Author: ```suggestion
Profiling supports two main modes - manual and trace lifecycle. The two modes are mutually exclusive, and cannot be used at the same time. In manual mode, the profiling data collection can be managed via calls to Sentry.profiler.startProfileSession and Sentry.profiler.stopProfileSession. In this mode, you are entirely in the in control of when the profiler runs.
```

> Profiling supports two manin modes - manual and trace lifecycle. The two modes are mutually exclusive, and cannot be used at the same time. In manual mode, the profiling data collection can be managed via calls to Sentry.profiler.startProfileSession and Sentry.profiler.stopProfileSession. In this mode, you are entirely in the in control of when the profiler runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiling supports two main modes - manual and trace lifecycle. The two modes are mutually exclusive, and cannot be used at the same time.

In manual mode, the profiling data collection can be managed via calls to Sentry.profiler.startProfileSession and Sentry.profiler.stopProfileSession. In this mode, you are entirely in the in control of when the profiler runs.
```

> Trace lifecycle mode differs in the sense that the profiler manages it's own start and stop calls, which are based on the logic of active spans. In this mode, the profiler continues to run while there is at least one active span, and stops when there are no active spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `trace` mode, the profiler manages its own start and stop calls, which are based on spans: the profiler continues to run while there is at least one active span, and stops when there are no active spans.
```

> ### Enabling Automatic Trace Profiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling Trace Lifecycle Profiling
```

+   nodeProfilingIntegration(),
  ],
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
+ profileSessionSampleRate: 1.0,
+ profileLifecycle: 'trace',
});

// Profiling happens automatically after setting it up with `Sentry.init()`.
// All spans (unless those discarded by sampling) will have profiling data attached to them.
Sentry.startSpan(
  {
    op: "rootSpan",
    name: "My root span",
  },
  () => {
    // The code executed here will be profiled
  }
);
```

> ### Enabling Manual Trace Profiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling Manual Lifecycle Profiling
```

- Windows x64: Node v16, v18, v20, v22

The set of common architectures should cover a wide variety of use cases, but if you have feedback or experience different behavior, please open an issue in the [Sentry JavaScript SDK](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript) repository.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
